Graduate Courses (5)
495CE. Supervised Preparation for Community-Engaged Teaching
Units: 4.0
Seminar, two hours. Suitable for graduate students in any discipline. Introduction to best practices for community-engaged pedagogy and experiential learning, with emphasis on strategies for collaborating effectively with diverse communities of Los Angeles. S/U grading.
495R. Integrating Writing and Research in Teaching Practice
Units: 4.0
Seminar, two hours. Introduction to strategies for integrating writing and research in instruction, emphasizing research and information literacy skills instruction and UCLA's context. This course is suited Designed for teaching assistants from all departments, and does not require any prior knowledge or teaching experience. S/U grading.
496A. Introduction to Evidence-Based Undergraduate Teaching
Units: 2.0
Seminar, 90 minutes. Designed for graduate students and postdoctoral scholars. Exploration and practice of fundamental principles of learning, backward design, assessment, active learning, and inclusive teaching. Lesson plan design with feedback. Meets associate level of CIRTL certification requirement. May be repeated once for credit. S/U grading.
496B. Teaching as Research
Units: 2.0
Seminar, 90 minutes. Requisite: course 496A or equivalent. Students become reflective practitioner by applying systematic and reflective use of research methods to develop teaching practices in order to advance learning experiences and outcomes of students and teachers. Students produce proposal for TAR project. May be repeated once for credit. S/U grading.
496C. Implementing and Communicating Teaching as Research Project
Units: 2.0 to 4.0
Tutorial, three to six hours; research group meeting, two to four hours. Requisite: course 496B. Implementation, data analysis, and communication of results of TAR project with feedback and approval of faculty-adviser mentor and peer support in learning community. Meets practitioner level of CIRTL certification requirement. S/U grading.
