Graduate Courses (7)
201A. Africa and Disciplines
Units: 4.0
Seminar, four hours. Major intellectual trends and currents in development of African studies. Emphasis on appreciation of multidisciplinary background of African studies and relevant interpretive strategies. Central questions, critical issues, and current problems affecting Africa. Content varies each year. Letter grading.
201B. Africa and Professions
Units: 4.0
Seminar, three hours. Exploration of key contributions and debates of academic disciplines in African studies, with emphasis on professional dimension. Review of discipline's literature, resources, career opportunities, and professionals themselves. Letter grading.
296. Africanist Working Group
Units: 1.0
Research group meeting, one hour. Collaborative exploration and discussion of current research and literature on modern Africa. Specific projects determined by research being conducted by working group participants. Activities include designing and refining research proposals, gathering and analyzing data, and interpreting and reporting results, as well as presenting research to receive critical feedback from other class participants. May be repeated for credit. S/U grading.
375. Teaching Apprentice Practicum
Units: 1.0 to 4.0
Seminar, to be arranged. Preparation: apprentice personnel employment as teaching assistant, associate, or fellow. Teaching apprenticeship under active guidance and supervision of regular faculty member responsible for curriculum and instruction at UCLA. May be repeated for credit. S/U grading.
596. Directed Individual Study or Research
Units: 2.0 to 8.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. Limited to graduate African studies students. May be repeated, but only 4 units may be applied toward minimum graduate course requirement. S/U or letter grading.
597. Preparation for MA Comprehensive Examination
Units: 4.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. Limited to graduate African studies students. Normally taken only during term in which student is being examined. May not be applied toward minimum graduate course requirement. S/U grading.
598. Research for and Preparation of MA Thesis
Units: 4.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. Limited to graduate African studies students. Normally taken only during term in which student intends to complete MA thesis. May not be applied toward minimum graduate course requirement. S/U grading.
