Lower Division Courses (2)
19. Fiat Lux Freshman Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour. Discussion of and critical thinking about topics of current intellectual importance, taught by faculty members in their areas of expertise and illuminating many paths of discovery at UCLA. P/NP grading.
99. Student Research Program
Units: 1.0 to 2.0
Tutorial (supervised research or other scholarly work), three hours per week per unit. Entry-level research for lower-division students under guidance of faculty mentor. Students must be in good academic standing and enrolled in minimum of 12 units (excluding this course). Individual contract required; consult Undergraduate Research Center. May be repeated. P/NP grading.
Upper Division Courses (1)
197. Individual Studies in Molecular Toxicology
Units: 2.0 to 4.0
Tutorial, four hours. Limited to juniors/seniors. Individual intensive study, with scheduled meetings to be arranged between faculty member and student. Assigned reading and tangible evidence of mastery of subject matter required. May be repeated for credit. Individual contract required. P/NP or letter grading.
Graduate Courses (10)
211A. Molecular Toxicology Seminar
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour twice per month. Seminar series which alternately features outside speakers and members of UCLA molecular toxicology community (students, postdoctoral fellows, and faculty) and deals with topics relevant to molecular toxicology. In Progress grading (credit to be given only on completion of courses 211B and 211C).
211B. Molecular Toxicology Seminar
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour twice per month. Seminar series which alternately features outside speakers and members of UCLA molecular toxicology community (students, postdoctoral fellows, and faculty) and deals with topics relevant to molecular toxicology. In Progress grading (credit to be given only on completion of course 211C).
211C. Molecular Toxicology Seminar
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour twice per month. Seminar series which alternately features outside speakers and members of UCLA molecular toxicology community (students, postdoctoral fellows, and faculty) and deals with topics relevant to molecular toxicology. S/U grading.
242. Advanced Molecular Toxicology
Units: 4.0
(Formerly numbered M242.) Lecture, two hours; discussion, two hours. Requisite: Environmental Health Sciences C240. Preparation: undergraduate biology and chemistry courses. Examination of recent literature on mechanisms of toxicity. Didactic lectures and student presentation of papers selected by instructor on various aspects of toxic mechanisms, including free radical generation, oxidative stress and adaptive pathways, mechanisms of cell death, inflammation and fibrosis, autophagy and diseases, metal toxicity/ion homeostasis, carcinogenesis, DNA damage and repair, cancer and gene environmental interactions, toxicity testing and radiation carcinogenesis, toxicology of major pollutants including air pollution, persistent organic pollutants and dioxins, toxicology of major organ including liver, kidney, immune, reproductive and nervous system, and nanotoxicology. Discussion of various papers. Letter grading.
M247. Advanced Concepts in Gene-Environment Interactions
Units: 4.0
(Same as Environmental Health Sciences M241.) Lecture, three hours; discussion, one hour. Comprehensive and practical examination of emerging science of gene-environment interaction. Discussion of primary components of field, including role of metabolic pathways in modifying environmental responses and importance of environmental influences in human disease. Exploration of selected hot topics infield, such as importance of epigenetics and of microbiome. S/U or letter grading.
296B. Research Topics in Molecular Toxicology: Molecular Carcinogenesis
Units: 2.0
Research group meeting, two hours. Advanced study and analysis of current topics in molecular toxicology. Discussion of current research and literature in research specialty of faculty member teaching course. S/U grading.
296F. Research Topics in Molecular Toxicology: Genetic Toxicology
Units: 2.0
Research group meeting, two hours. Advanced study and analysis of current topics in molecular toxicology. Discussion of current research and literature in research specialty of faculty member teaching course. S/U grading.
596. Directed Individual Study or Research
Units: 2.0 to 12.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. Individual guided studies under direct faculty supervision. May not be applied toward degree course requirements. May be repeated for credit. S/U or letter grading.
597. Preparation for PhD Qualifying Examinations
Units: 2.0 to 12.0
Tutorial, four hours. May not be applied toward degree course requirements. May be repeated for credit. S/U grading.
599. PhD Dissertation Research
Units: 8.0 to 12.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. May not be applied toward degree course requirements. May be repeated for credit. S/U grading.
