Lower Division Courses (2)
19. Fiat Lux Freshman Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour. Discussion of and critical thinking about topics of current intellectual importance, taught by faculty members in their areas of expertise and illuminating many paths of discovery at UCLA. P/NP grading.
99. Student Research Program
Units: 1.0 to 2.0
Tutorial (supervised research or other scholarly work), three hours per week per unit. Entry-level research for lower-division students under guidance of faculty mentor. Students must be in good academic standing and enrolled in minimum of 12 units (excluding this course). Individual contract required; consult Undergraduate Research Center. May be repeated. P/NP grading.
Upper Division Courses (2)
194. Group Seminars and Discussions: Cross-Disciplinary Scholars in Science and Technology Project
Units: 4.0
Seminar, two hours; discussion, two hours. Limited to Cross-Disciplinary Scholars in Science and Technology (CSST) students. Communication and collaboration skills, specifically in interdisciplinary settings and introduction to research project design and proposal process. Students submit written CSST project proposal and give oral presentations of scientific proposals. May be repeated for credit. Letter grading.
199. Directed Research in Molecular and Medical Pharmacology
Units: 2.0 to 8.0
Tutorial, three hours per week per unit. Limited to juniors/seniors. Supervised individual research under guidance of faculty mentor. Special studies in pharmacology, including either reading assignments or laboratory work or both, designed for proper training of students. Culminating paper or project required. May be repeated for credit. Individual contract required. P/NP or letter grading.
Graduate Courses (15)
200. Introduction to Laboratory Research
Units: 8.0
Laboratory, eight to 20 hours. Individual projects in laboratory research for beginning graduate students. At end of each term students submit to their supervisor reports covering research performed. Pharmacology graduate students must take this course three times during their first two years in residence. Letter grading.
M205A. Introduction to Chemistry of Biology
Units: 4.0
(Same as Chemistry CM205A.) Lecture, three hours; discussion, one hour. Introduction to chemical biology. Topics include computational chemical biology, utility of synthesis in biochemical research, peptidomimetics, designed reagents for cellular imaging, natural product biosynthesis, protein engineering and directed evolution, cell biology of metal ions, imaging metal ions in cells, metal-containing drugs. Letter grading.
M205B. Issues on Chemistry/Biology Interface
Units: 2.0
(Same as Chemistry M205B.) Seminar, one hour. Requisite: course M205A. Selected talks and papers presented by training faculty on solving problems and utilizing tools in chemistry and molecular biology on chemistry/biology interface (CBI). S/U grading.
237. Research Frontiers in Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology
Units: 6.0
Lecture, six hours; laboratory, five hours total. Detailed examination of principles of pharmacology and mechanisms of drug action at organismal, tissue, cellular, and molecular levels, with emphasis on receptors, receptor/effector coupling, neurotransmitters, cardiovascular pharmacology, autonomic and central nervous system pharmacology. Letter grading.
M248. Introduction to Biological Imaging
Units: 4.0
(Same as Bioengineering M248 and Physics and Biology in Medicine M248.) Lecture, three hours; laboratory, one hour; outside study, seven hours. Exploration of role of biological imaging in modern biology and medicine, including imaging physics, instrumentation, image processing, and applications of imaging for range of modalities. Practical experience provided through series of imaging laboratories. Letter grading.
251. Seminar: Pharmacology
Units: 2.0
Seminar, two hours. Required of all first- and second-year students. Presentation and discussion of graduate student research progress. Letter grading.
M257. Introduction to Toxicology
Units: 4.0
(Same as Pathology M257.) Requisite: course 241. Biochemical and systemic toxicology, basic mechanisms of toxicology, and interaction of toxic agents with specific organ systems. S/U or letter grading.
M258. Pathologic Changes in Toxicology
Units: 4.0
(Same as Pathology M258.) Designed to give students experience in learning normal histology of tissues which are major targets of toxin and the range of pathologic changes that occur in these tissues (liver, bladder, lung, kidney, nervous system, and vascular system). S/U or letter grading.
286. Business of Science: Exploring Entrepreneurship Seminar
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour. Limited to graduate students. Further exploration of topics discussed in course 287, allowing students to interact with speakers and bring their individual concerns to table. Past and present students encouraged to enroll. S/U grading.
287. Business of Science
Units: 2.0
Lecture, two hours. Designed for graduate students. (undergraduate students may enroll with consent of instructor). Introduction to principles of business and entrepreneurship in technology sectors. Basic business skills taught to effectively perform in commercial environment and within academic environment. Application of course material by performing feasibility studies that have potential to receive funding and become actual companies. Exploration of entrepreneurship, particularly formation and operation of new business ventures. Presentations by and questioning of successful technology entrepreneurs, identifying and evaluating new venture opportunities, development of financing, and entry and exit strategies. S/U or letter grading.
288. Gene Therapy
Units: 4.0
Lecture, three hours; discussion, one hour. Introduction to basic concepts of gene therapy, wherein treatment of human disease is based on transfer of genetic material into an individual. Discussion of molecular basis of disease, gene delivery vectors, and animal models. Letter grading.
291. Special Topics in Pharmacology
Units: 4.0
Lecture, four hours. Examination in depth of topics of current importance in pharmacology. Emphasis on recent contributions of special interest to advanced PhD candidates and faculty. Letter grading.
292. Research Projects, Proposals, and Presentations
Units: 6.0
Lecture, four hours; discussion, four hours. Limited to departmental majors. Introduction to format and requirements of research proposals, so students can critically read primary papers and give formal scientific presentations, ask new questions, formulate new hypotheses, and construct research projects, understand balance of importance, novelty, and feasibility, and develop ability to think independently, creatively, and comprehensively. Letter grading.
596. Directed Individual Research in Pharmacology
Units: 4.0 to 12.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. S/U or letter grading.
599. Research for and Preparation of PhD Dissertation
Units: 4.0 to 12.0
Tutorial, to be arranged. S/U grading.
