Lower Division Courses (4)
10. Arts Encounters: Exploring Arts Literacy in 21st Century
Units: 5.0
Lecture, four hours; discussion, one hour; field trips, three hours; outside study, seven hours. Through series of direct encounters with art and artists across global range of practices, course equips students with kinds of critical skills that enhance their understanding of, and sharpen their appetite for, wide range of artistic practices. Attendance at performance/art events outside normal class schedule is mandatory. P/NP or letter grading.
19. Fiat Lux Freshman Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour. Discussion of and critical thinking about topics of current intellectual importance, taught by faculty members in their areas of expertise and illuminating many paths of discovery at UCLA. P/NP grading.
89. Honors Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, three hours. Limited to 20 students. Designed as adjunct to lower-division lecture course. Exploration of topics in greater depth through supplemental readings, papers, or other activities and led by lecture course instructor. May be applied toward honors credit for eligible students. Honors content noted on transcript. P/NP or letter grading.
99. Student Research Program
Units: 1.0 to 2.0
Tutorial (supervised research or other scholarly work), three hours per week per unit. Entry-level research for lower-division students under guidance of faculty mentor. Students must be in good academic standing and enrolled in minimum of 12 units (excluding this course). Individual contract required; consult Undergraduate Research Center. May be repeated. P/NP grading.
Upper Division Courses (2)
100. Selected Topics in Arts
Units: 4.0
Lecture, three to six hours; discussion and/or laboratory, two to three hours (when scheduled); outside study, six to nine hours. Selected topics in arts explored through variety of approaches that may include projects, readings, studio work, performance, discussion, research papers, and oral presentations. Topics announced in advance. May be repeated for maximum of 8 units. P/NP or letter grading.
189. Advanced Honors Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, three hours. Limited to 20 students. Designed as adjunct to undergraduate lecture course. Exploration of topics in greater depth through supplemental readings, papers, or other activities and led by lecture course instructor. May be applied toward honors credit for eligible students. Honors content noted on transcript. P/NP or letter grading.
