Hindi-Urdu
Lower Division Courses (8)
1. Introductory Hindi-Urdu
Units: 5.0
Lecture, two hours; discussion, three hours. Coverage of basic Hindi grammar, with equal emphasis on reading, writing, conversation, and comprehension. P/NP or letter grading.
2. Introductory Hindi-Urdu
Units: 5.0
Lecture, two hours; discussion, three hours. Enforced requisite: course 1 with grade of C or better. Coverage of basic Hindi grammar, with equal emphasis on reading, writing, conversation, and comprehension. P/NP or letter grading.
3. Introductory Hindi-Urdu
Units: 5.0
Lecture, two hours; discussion, three hours. Enforced requisite: course 2 with grade of C or better. Coverage of basic Hindi grammar, with equal emphasis on reading, writing, conversation, and comprehension. P/NP or letter grading.
3R. Elementary Hindi-Urdu Reading and Writing
Units: 5.0
Lecture, five hours. Recommended preparation: speaking and listening skills in Hindi-Urdu. Training in reading and writing skills at elementary level, equivalent to completion of one year of Hindi. P/NP or letter grading.
19. Fiat Lux Freshman Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour. Discussion of and critical thinking about topics of current intellectual importance, taught by faculty members in their areas of expertise and illuminating many paths of discovery at UCLA. P/NP grading.
89. Honors Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, three hours. Limited to 20 students. Designed as adjunct to lower-division lecture course. Exploration of topics in greater depth through supplemental readings, papers, or other activities and led by lecture course instructor. May be applied toward honors credit for eligible students. Honors content noted on transcript. P/NP or letter grading.
89HC. Honors Contracts
Units: 1.0
Tutorial, three hours. Limited to students in College Honors Program. Designed as adjunct to lower-division lecture course. Individual study with lecture course instructor to explore topics in greater depth through supplemental readings, papers, or other activities. May be repeated for maximum of 4 units. Individual honors contract required. Honors content noted on transcript. Letter grading.
99. Student Research Program
Units: 1.0 to 2.0
Tutorial (supervised research or other scholarly work), three hours per week per unit. Entry-level research for lower-division students under guidance of faculty mentor. Students must be in good academic standing and enrolled in minimum of 12 units (excluding this course). Individual contract required; consult Undergraduate Research Center. May be repeated. P/NP grading.
Upper Division Courses (6)
100A. Intermediate Hindi-Urdu
Units: 4.0
Lecture, two hours; discussion, three hours. Enforced requisite: course 3 with grade of C or better. Course 100A with grade of C or better is requisite to 100B; course 100B with grade of C or better is requisite to 100C. Reinforcement of basic Hindi grammar and coverage of more advanced topics. Broadening of skills in conversation and composition; reading of selected texts. P/NP or letter grading.
100B. Intermediate Hindi-Urdu
Units: 4.0
Lecture, two hours; discussion, three hours. Enforced requisite: course 100A with grade of C or better. Reinforcement of basic Hindi grammar and coverage of more advanced topics. Broadening of skills in conversation and composition; reading of selected texts. P/NP or letter grading.
100C. Intermediate Hindi-Urdu
Units: 4.0
Lecture, two hours; discussion, three hours. Enforced requisite: course 100B with grade of C or better. Reinforcement of basic Hindi grammar and coverage of more advanced topics. Broadening of skills in conversation and composition; reading of selected texts. P/NP or letter grading.
109. Advanced Tutorial Instruction in Hindi-Urdu
Units: 2.0
Tutorial, two hours. Requisite: course 6 or Hindi-Urdu placement test. Tutorial and guided independent study to help students develop advanced to superior proficiency in oral and written Hindi-Urdu. May be repeated for credit. P/NP or letter grading.
189. Advanced Honors Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, three hours. Limited to 20 students. Designed as adjunct to undergraduate lecture course. Exploration of topics in greater depth through supplemental readings, papers, or other activities and led by lecture course instructor. May be applied toward honors credit for eligible students. Honors content noted on transcript. P/NP or letter grading.
189HC. Honors Contracts
Units: 1.0
Tutorial, three hours. Limited to students in College Honors Program. Designed as adjunct to upper-division lecture course. Individual study with lecture course instructor to explore topics in greater depth through supplemental readings, papers, or other activities. May be repeated for maximum of 4 units. Individual honors contract required. Honors content noted on transcript. Letter grading.
