Lower Division Courses (3)
19. Fiat Lux Freshman Seminars
Units: 1.0
Seminar, one hour. Discussion of and critical thinking about topics of current intellectual importance, taught by faculty members in their areas of expertise and illuminating many paths of discovery at UCLA. P/NP grading.
97XC. Transfer Success and Pathways to Undergraduate Research for Life Sciences Majors
Units: 4.0
Seminar, one hour. Limited to new transfer students. Designed to provide essential academic skills for life science transfer students, and promote engagement in university research including instruction on securing research opportunities and skills necessary for research and professional success, communication of research, and exploring funding resources and life science careers. P/NP grading.
99. Student Research Program
Units: 1.0 to 2.0
Tutorial (supervised research or other scholarly work), three hours per week per unit. Entry-level research for lower-division students under guidance of faculty mentor. Students must be in good academic standing and enrolled in minimum of 12 units (excluding this course). Individual contract required; consult Undergraduate Research Center. May be repeated. P/NP grading.
Upper Division Courses (8)
110A. Careers in Libraries and Archives
Units: 2.0
(Formerly numbered Honors Collegium 101M.) Seminar, two hours. Study of wide variety of careers in libraries and archives. Introduction to career pathways of various professionals. Brief discussion of professional issues in these fields especially in relation to recruitment and retention of individuals in these professions. Discussion of careers in variety of locations and types of libraries and archives, with emphasis on outstanding professionals at UCLA. Stronger focus on careers in academic spaces. P/NP grading.
110B. Preparing for Post-UCLA Success: Fellowships, Graduate School, and More
Units: 2.0
(Formerly numbered Honors Collegium 101K.) Seminar, two hours. Prepares students to achieve goals beyond UCLA. Participants reflect on values and interests, and learn what is required for effective applications to graduate school, scholarships, and more. Review of process of applying for nationally competitive awards such as Truman, Rhodes, Marshall, and others. Students learn to craft effective curricula vitae, strong personal statements, and compelling research proposals. Students learn to solicit strong letters of recommendation. Skills are preparation for scholarship/fellowship application process, as well as graduate school and job application process. P/NP grading.
M180. Research Practice
Units: 5.0
191A. Topics in Research Practice: Research Revealed
Units: 2.0
Seminar, two hours. Limited to students participating in Research Revealed undergraduate research preparation program. Students are prepared to conduct their own research, apply to research programs, or assist faculty members. Topics vary by term. P/NP grading.
192B. Aleph: UCLA Undergraduate Research Journal for Humanities and Social Sciences
Units: 2.0
(Formerly numbered Honors Collegium 101C.) Seminar, two hours. Limited to students on editorial board of Aleph journal. Students participate in workshops to assess, edit, and publish journal articles. May be repeated for maximum of seven times. P/NP grading.
193. Research Seminar: Integrated and Interdisciplinary Undergraduate Research Program Journal Club
Units: 2.0
(Formerly numbered Neurobiology M171 and Physiological Science M171.) Seminar, two hours. Limited by application. Centered on presentation and critical analysis of scientific journal articles, and presentation of students' own research. Intensive literature-based training program which increases student confidence and scientific literacy, and facilitates transition to postgraduate study. P/NP grading.
194A. Mellon Mays Undergraduate Fellows Research Seminar
Units: 2.0
(Formerly numbered Honors Collegium 101J.) Seminar, two hours. Limited to current Mellon Mays undergraduate fellows. Designed to support students in their research, and in preparation for graduate school and professional careers. P/NP grading.
195. Research Activities
Units: 4.0
Tutorial, 12 hours. Designed to provide academic context for off-campus, remote work at research institutions outside of UCLA. Students work independently with graduate student mentor to learn about research teams, discuss management of research protocols and data, and work weekly on science writing, culminating in production of research abstract and assembly of research paper. May be repeated for credit up to two consecutive quarters. Letter grading.
